Machine ID: Documentation for Terraform Cloud joining (#45806)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/infrastructure-as-code/terraform-provider.mdx

| Guide                                                                                                               | Use-case                                                                                                                                                                                                         | How it works                                                                                                                           |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [Run the Teleport Terraform provider locally](./terraform-provider/local.mdx)                                       | This is the best way to get started with the Teleport terraform provider, write some initial Terraform code and get familiar with IaC.                                                                           | You're using local credentials to create a temporary bot, obtain short-lived credentials, and store them in environment variables. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Run the Teleport Terraform provider locally](./terraform-provider/local.mdx)                                       | You are getting started with the Teleport Terraform provider and managing Teleport resources with IaC.                                                                           | You use local credentials to create a temporary bot, obtain short-lived credentials, and store them in environment variables. |
```

Cleaning up the description so that the language in each cell parallels the language of its neighbors in a given column.

| [Run the Teleport Terraform provider in CI or a cloud VM](./terraform-provider/ci-or-cloud.mdx)                     | You already have a working Terraform module configuring Teleport and want to run it in CI to benefit from review and audit capabilities from your versioning system (e.g. git).                                  | You're using a proof provided by your runtime (CI engine, cloud provider) to prove your identity and join using MachineID.             |
| [Run the Teleport Terraform provider from a server](./terraform-provider/dedicated-server.mdx)                      | You have working Terraform code and want to run it on a dedicated server. The server is long-lived, like a bastion or a task runner.                                                                             | You setup a MachineID daemon (`tbot`) that obtains and refreshes credentials for the Terraform provider.                               |

> | [Run the Teleport Terraform provider with long-lived credentials.](./terraform-provider/long-lived-credentials.mdx) | This method is discouraged as less secure than the 3 others. This should be used when none of the other methods work in your case (short-lived CI environments that don't have dedicated Teleport join methods). | You sign one long lived certificate allowing the Terraform provider to connect to Teleport.                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Run the Teleport Terraform provider with long-lived credentials.](./terraform-provider/long-lived-credentials.mdx) | This method is discouraged as less secure than the others. This should be used when none of the other methods work in your case (short-lived CI environments that don't have dedicated Teleport join methods). | You sign one long lived certificate allowing the Terraform provider to connect to Teleport.                                            |
```
Since we have added a row
